Fix #16989: Re-focusing maximised window triggers a restore and maximise (#17414)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#16799] Browing “Up” in the Load Save window shows no files, only folders.
- Fix: [#16934] Park size displayed incorrectly in Park window.
- Fix: [#16974] Small scenery ghosts can be deleted.

> - Fix: [#16989] Re-focusing maximized window triggers a restore and maximize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#16989] Re-focusing maximised window triggers a restore and maximise.
```
